Add dpop docs (#5348)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/references/token-binding/dpop.md

### Generate a DPoP proof

Before making a token request, the client must generate a DPoP proof that proves possession of the private key. The client should include this proof in the DPoP header of the request. You can refer to the sample DPoP proof generator on [Github](https://github.com/wso2/samples-is/tree/master/oauth2/org.wso2.dpop.proof.generator#dpop-client-application){:target="_blank"}.

### Try with the client credentials grant

Use the following command to get a token using the client credentials grant:

=== "Sample request (/token)"

    ```curl
     curl -X POST {{base_url}}/oauth2/token \
    -u "<client_id>:<client_secret>" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" \
    -H "DPoP: <dpop_proof>" \
    -d "grant_type=client_credentials"
    ```

=== "Sample response (/token)"

    ```json
    {
        "access_token":"a53e7ebc-8771-34eb-9351-67af7232d301",
        "token_type":"DPoP",
        "expires_in":3600
    }
    ```

### Try with the authorization code grant

Follow the steps below to get a token using the authorization code grant:

> 1. Get an authorization code. To bind the code to the client, you can optionally add the `dpop_jkt` parameter (the [thumbprint](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9449#section-10) of the client’s public key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get an authorization code using the following URL. To bind the code to the client, you can optionally include the  [thumbprint](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9449#section-10) of the client’s public key using the `dpop_jkt` parameter.
```
